# splitgal4.org
Source for [splitgal4.org](https://www.splitgal4.org), a platform to share intersectional fly genetic resources.

## How to use this site

### Sharing a line

To share a line without an account, please use the [add a line](https://www.splitgal4.org/add_line) form. If you
have logged in, your email and your host lab will be
pre-filled as the contributor and the point of contact for this line.

To share many lines at once, you can register and verify your account, and use 
the template from __batch upload__ on the site.

If you plan to share lines generated by your collaborators, please provide
their information in the _Contributor_ column (if doing batch upload) or
the contributor field (if filling the add-a-line form).

### Finding a line

You can search for a line by the gene symbol, the cassette used, the insertion
site, the citation info, or by the contributor's name.


### Updating a line

One of the main goal of the site is to make it easy to share reagents and
coordinate the effort to make more reagents in a timely and efficient manner.
Therefore, we encourage you to share the lines that you are in the process of
making or planning to make.

When you have made a line that you have shared on the site before, you may 
update this information by going to the page for the line, or go to the __My Account__ drop-down menu, and you will find all the lines you have shared in 
__Manage My Lines__.

### Why would I need an account?

The lines you shared will be associated with your account. The account grants
you access to a dashboard to manage and update your lines.

In addition, after sharing your lines, your account will have access to the
lines that are marked as internal sharing only.

### Improving the site

The platform is undering going active development, and we are happy to take
any suggestions that will make it an easier and more accessible experience
for you. Just let us know!
